docs(data-binding): add ios api example usage (#98)
rive-app/rive-docs: runtimes/data-binding.mdx

        val defaultVM = file.defaultViewModelForArtboard(view.controller.activeArtboard!!)
        ```
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Apple">
        ```swift
        let riveViewModel = RiveViewModel(...)

>         guard let file = riveViewModel.riveModel?.riveFile else { return }

Reviewer: For the sake of simplicity in these examples would it makes sense (here and elsewhere) to use force unwrapping with `!`? That's how I handled mine - leaving error handling approaches to the user.

        // Data binding view model by name
        let viewModelByName = file.viewModelNamed("...")

        // Data binding view model by index
        for index in 0..<file.viewModelCount {
            let viewModelByIndex = file.viewModel(at: index)
        }

        // Default data binding view model for an artboard
        guard let artboard = riveViewModel.riveModel?.artboard else { return }
        let viewModelForArtboard = file.viewModel(for: artboard)
        ```

>     </Tab>

Reviewer: For consistency with the other pages, I think it would make sense to put the Apple tab before Android.

        )
        ```
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Apple">
        ```swift
        let riveViewModel = RiveViewModel(...)
        riveViewModel.riveModel?.enableAutoBind { instance in
            // Store a reference to `instance` to later access properties
            // The instance may change as state machines and artboards change

>         }

Reviewer: Interesting. This is different from how I've done it. Because of instance caching, if the user wants to get the instance that was auto bound, it would the default instance for the active artboard. Is that not the case for you?

Author: The iOS runtime doesn't (currently) cache instances, but since you can set a new artboard at runtime, there's a possibility that you'll get a different instance rebound when the artboard is changed to something different _because_ the new artboard has a different default instance. Perhaps autoBind works a little differently to me where when you update the artboard _or_ state machine, you _may_ get a new instance.

Reviewer: I see. So this may change if you start caching, but good to know.

        val numberValue by numberProperty.collectAsState()
        ```
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Apple">
        ```swift
        let riveViewModel = RiveViewModel(...)
        guard let instance = riveViewModel.riveModel?.riveFile.viewModelNamed("...")?.createDefaultInstance() else { return }
        
        // An example of getting a string property
        let stringProperty = instance.stringProperty(fromPath: "...")
        // Updating its value

>         stringProperty?.value = "Hello, Rive"

Reviewer: Might make sense to also include a simple get operation using `value` without subscribing.

            .getNumberProperty("My Nested View Model/My Second Nested VM/My Nested Number")
        ```
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Apple">
        ```swift
        let riveViewModel = RiveViewModel(...)
        guard let instance = riveViewModel.riveModel?.riveFile.viewModelNamed("...")?.createDefaultInstance() else { return }

        let nestedNumberByChain = instance
                                    .viewModelInstanceProperty(fromPath: "Nested View Model")
                                    .viewModelInstanceProperty(fromPath: "Another Nested View Model")

>                                     .numberProperty(fromPath: "Nested View Model/Another Nested View Model")

Reviewer: Is this correct? Shouldn't the number property have a name? Seems to be repeating the path from above.

>         let nestedNumberByPath = instance.numberProperty(fromPath: "Nested View Model/Another Nested View Model")

Reviewer: Same here, should this terminate in a name?

        ```
    </Tab>
</Tabs>

> # Listeners
> 
> Listeners are a way of adding observability to your data binding properties. Using listeners, you will be notified when your property changes are applied by a state machine, whether a new value has been explicitly set or if the state machine itself has caused a change. Adding a listener to trigger properties is a new way to notify you that some event has occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Observability

You can observe changes over time to property values, either by using listeners or a platform equivalent method. Once observed, you will be notified when the property changes are applied by a state machine advance, whether that is a new value that has been explicitly set or if the value was updated as a result of a binding. Observing trigger properties is an alternative method to receive events from the editor, as compared to [Rive Events](/runtimes/rive-events).
```

Reviewer: Generalizing the language here. Also, would this section make more sense as a sub-section of properties, immediately after showing how to get values, since this is just a more advanced use case of that?
